miami airport, curbside -- day welles comes outside, squinting in the sun, moving down the sidewalk, looking back over his shoulder...
miami beach motor lodge -- day welles walks across the parking lot, gets into his rental car, starts it and drives away.
welles hands the phone to amy, pats cindy's head as he heads downstairs, through the living room...
on the wall: a door opens behind the girl, looks like a bathroom, and a masked man enters.
office building, missing persons archive -- day welles comes out the front doors, pissed.
missing persons archive, file room -- day director leads welles into this research room, a small library with long tables, old computers, lots of file cabinets and card catalogs.
on the wall: a door opens behind the girl, looks like a bathroom, and the masked man enters, wearing the ghastly wrestling mask.
cleveland street corner -- day -- montage welles is in a phone booth, feeds many quarters into the phone, waiting, looking at his notepad.
missing persons archive, file room -- day welles sits hunched over the card catalog, still unshaven, drinking coffee, flipping through smaller pictures of missing children in one drawer, one by one by one...
office building, missing person archive -- day in the lot, welles gets wearily from his car, smoking.
fayetteville library, microfiche room -- day welles works the microfiche machine, scrolling through old issues of the local newspaper, finds an article headlined "search continues for local teen." there's a picture of the girl, mary anne mathews; the same picture welles found in the missing person archive.
mathews house, hallway outside mary's room -- day welles shuts the attic door, takes the diary from his pocket, hides it in his waistband at the small of his back.
mathews house, living room -- day welles enters.
mathews house, living room -- night welles sits picking at fast food in front of him.
mathews house, hallway outside mary's room -- night welles comes to the attic door, quietly pulls it open.
mathews house, mary's room -- night welles enters, takes a picture frame off one shelf, opens the back and takes out the photo of mary from inside.
mathews house -- night welles crosses the front lawn, not looking back, heading to the street, getting into his car, starting his car, doing a u-turn, driving away down the street.
bank, privacy booth -- day -- montage welles is alone, opens the empty safe deposit drawer, takes the 8mm film from his pocket and puts it in the drawer.
youth hostel -- day -- montage welles talks to the man behind the counter, shows the picture of mary taken from mrs.
max comes out from the porn shop, walks to welles, looking around.
welles goes to sit on the bed, looking at the cellular phone on the bedside table.
wilshire office building -- day welles crosses back to the other side of the street, goes to stand near his car.
welles (into phone) what do you know about a guy called dino velvet?
dino velvet studio -- day the doors buzz and welles and max warily enter this large, dark, converted warehouse.
dino velvet's office -- day thug opens the door and lets welles and max in.
dino stands, picks up a still camera off his desk and comes to look at welles, studying him.
welles' car -- continuous longdale sits forward, looks to the bank.
welles watches as machine, dino and eddie back slowly away from longdale.
welles looks to see eddie heading back, keeps the gun on machine, backs away, dragging the bed frame, looks to the door behind him...
welles takes out his gun, opens the front door, looking out.
eddie's house, stairway -- day welles enters slow, pockets the tools, takes out his gun.
eddie's living room -- day welles goes to the picture window and closes the curtains.
eddie's kitchen -- day welles enters, starts looking through drawers, searching.
eddie's garage -- night welles comes out of the house, goes to open the rear door of eddie's car, looking through boxes of eddie's belongings...
eddie's house -- night welles walks down the dark hill, heading to his car.
welles' house, bedroom -- day any pushes the bedroom door open and looks in.