the street outside salieri's house - vienna - night the street is filled with people: ten cabs with drivers, five children, fifteen adults, two doormen, fifteen dancing couples and a sled and three dogs.
the window above the street is open and old salieri stands there calling to the sky: a sharp-featured, white-haired italian over seventy years old, wearing a stained dressing gown.
old salieri mozart, perdonami!
landing outside old salieri's salon - night the cook is standing holding the candlestick in one hand, the dish of cakes in the other.
as vogler enters, old salieri is sitting in a wheel-chair, looking out the window.
a salon in the vatican - day - 1780's we see the six-year-old mozart, also blindfolded, seated in a gilded chair on a pile of books, playing the harpsichord for the pope and a suite of cardinals and other churchmen.
old salieri (v.o.) one day he came to vienna to play some of his music at the residence of his employer, the prince-archbishop of salzburg.
after a beat of total silence, mozart runs into the room, stops, and looks around.
baffled, he turns and is about to leave the room, when constanze suddenly squeaks from under the cloth like a tiny mouse.
watched by an astonished salieri, mozart disappears under the cloth and obviously pounces upon constanze.
guests turn around as mozart appears - bowing to the archbishop - and walks with an attempt at dignity to the dais where the wind band is playing.
they pass salieri who is staring at mozart in fascination.
mozart these viennese certainly know good music when they hear it.
palace grand salon - day - 1780's salieri, in this vast room, is standing and looking at the full score of the serenade.
salieri i think it is an interesting notion to keep mozart in vienna, majesty.
a wigmaker's shop - vienna - day - 1780's the march continues on the forte-piano as we see mozart, seated in front of a mirror, wearing an extravagant wig.
von strack your majesty, herr mozart - joseph yes, what about him?
salieri majesty, i hope you won't think it improper, but i have written a little march of welcome in his honour.
music room in salieri's apartment - day - 1780's katherina cavalieri, a young, high-spirited soprano of twenty is waiting for him, dressed in a fashionable dress and wearing on her head an exotic turban of satin, with a feather.
watching the performance - which is conducted by mozart from the clavier in the midst of the orchestra - we note von strack, orsini-rosenberg, bonno and von swieten, all grouped around the emperor, in a box.
after a few moments of this showy aria, with the composer and the singer staring at each other - he conducting elaborately for her benefit, and she following his beat with rapturous eyes - the music fades, and salieri speaks over it.
opera house stage - vienna - night - 1780's the curtains are down, and an excited hubbub of singers in costume surround mozart and cavalieri, all excited and chattering.
cavalieri turns with a savage look at mozart and leaves the stage the opposite way, to her dressing room, tossing her plumed head.
opera house stage - vienna - night - 1780's constanze and mozart make their way quickly through a crowd of actors in turbans and caftans, and stagehands carrying bits of the dismantled set of seraglio.
old salieri's hospital room - night - 1820's the old man speaks passionately to the priest.
we hear mozart's voice reading the following letter and we see, as the camera roves around the room, mementos of the young prodigy's early life: the little forte-piano made for him; the little violin made for him; an order presented to him.
what we now hear is an amazing collage of great passages from mozart's music, ravishing to salieri and to us.
old salieri's hospital room - night - 1823 cu, father vogler, horrified.
music room in salieri's apartment - night - 1780's the servant crosses it and enters: int.
salon in salieri's apartment - night - 1780's constanze is sitting on an upright chair, veiled as before, the portfolio of music on her lap.
mozart's apartment - living room - night - 1780's the front door bursts open.
mozart's apartment - bedroom - night - 1780's constanze lies in bed, her back turned to her husband, who comes into the room and shuts the door.
salieri i have to tell you, mozart is not entirely to be trusted alone with young ladies.
salieri why didn't you come to me yesterday, mozart?
really salieri i don't think you should become known in vienna as a debtor, mozart.
street in vienna - day - 1780's mozart and constanze with leopold between them.
through this excruciating scene, salieri stares at constanze, who suddenly turns her head and looks challengingly back at him.
old salieri (v.o.) that was not mozart laughing, father.
leopold and constanze listen to mozart, who plays his own work brilliantly.
mozart' s apartment - afternoon - 1780's lorl is opening the door admitting salieri.
salieri mozart is writing a new opera.
salieri's salon - day - 1780's mozart is pacing up and down.
salieri mozart.
mozart, constanze and their son karl, now about two years old, and sitting on his mother's lap, are watching a parody scene by schikaneder's troupe.
salieri herr mozart?
mozart's apartment - living room - night - 1790's salieri goes to the front door and opens it to reveal schikaneder, who has obviously come straight from the theatre.