this is like the race to the moon, guys - what this  agency was founded on.skip boss, we're good at space travel, but you're talkin' about drilling a  hole.golden quincy's been working on excavating the ice from the moon - he's gonna  reorient his thinking.
roughnecks "jimbo" cartwright, "bear" brown,  "chick" chapple, tito guevara, and max logan, handle 20 foot sections of pipe  drilling srtring with a hydraulic tong and clamp.
chick and bennie begin clamping, and tong a pipe strand onto the drill string  like an indy pit stop crew.a.j. harry, we've hit pressure.
seawater erupts from  the wellhead.chick the drill hole's flooding!grace a.j.!!harry strips off his jacket and climbs into the wellhead.
harry stick with stamper.golden well, mister stamper, we need you to drill a hole.
(beat) space, mister  stamper.harry as in...outer?satellite photos of the asteroid come up on the screen --temple you've watched the news the last 24 hours?
the drill bit  presses down into a block of concrete and begins to rapidly chew through it, as  harry marvels at the realisation of his design.quincy (cont'd) we built this arm to mine ice from the moon -- greatest  discovery in space in thirty years.harry what'd this cost?golden ten million.quincy twenty-our million.harry boy, i'm in the wrong line of work.
bennie hangs up the phone, he looks across from him at -- tito guevara, late  30's, stocky, tattooed, latino, (reformed 118th street l.a. o.g. gangbanger who  was rescued from the streets ten years back and put to work on a rig by harry)  is reading a book "men are from mars, women are from venus." chick drops down into his seat, continues his heated discussion with max.chick charlie bronson could kick steve mcqueen's ass and have enough left over  to duke it out with burt reynolds in his "smokey and the bandit" period.
johnson space center - medical wing - dayharry has just briefed his crew on the mission.bear are you out of your mind?chick harry, this is some "star wars" shit.
a hard look from sharp to temple, as golden walks away.temple (to golden) if they can't drill this hole, my men are going to take  over.int.
harry good, a.j. good.-- chick, bennie, bear, jumbo welding new pieces of the drilling arm together.
harry nods and walks off.sharp drill an eight-hundred foot hole in eight hours?
grace is on a.j.'s lap.a.j. i pushed it, i screwed up.grace these astronauts train for years for what you're training for in a few  days.a.j. i don't know why i didn't just listen to them.grace so, tomorrow you listen.a.j. and grace share a look.a.j. i love you, grace.a n.a.s.a. tech approaches.n.a.s.a. technician harry wants to see you.int.
as they grow closer, we see the intense game faces of harry,  a.j., bennie, chick, jumbo, tito, rockhound, max and others approaching the  launch site.
majors pitts and fisk, two stern army demolition  experts, finish tying down their equipment.mission control (v.o) roger, independence and freedom, auto ground launch  sequencer commencing.sharp looks at pitts and fisksharp you two ready?pitts (enthusiastically) airborne!int.
- mission control - duskgolden, clark and the n.a.s.a. techs study the central board as final  preparations for take-off commence.technician shuttles freedom and independence you are cleared for lift off.ext.
harry, sharp, watts, chick, a.j., bennie, and truman  enter the mir.
we've lost sight of  the oncoming asteroid.sharp visual contact with target lost, houston.in the rear cabin - harry, chick, bear, and max stare in awe at the  ever-approaching moon.ext.
shuttle freedom - around dark side of moonthe radio is static.watts rockets ready for burn, willie.sharp (over shoulder to harry and others) time to suck it up, people.
asteroid surface - drilling site the armadillo rumbles out of the cargo bay, carrying bear, max, rockhound and  pitts over the wheel wells.
bear the terminator's terminated.chick the clutch is dead.harry we're goin' to the second rig.harry stalks off toward the shuttle.harry (cont'd) we need the second armadillo.sharp we'll bring it out to you.harry moves to get his pipe tongs.
what the fuck is going on with  that other nuke?harry stares at the nuclear weapon.sharp stamper, if you can't drill the hole, we're detonating this thing on the  surface....chick and the guys eye each other.
shuttle freedom - cabin pan from harry...to a.j. to...to chick....to lev...to bear.
asteroid surface - drilling site harry looks at the detonator in hand.
asteroid surface - drilling site harry is looking at the shuttle.
shuttle freedom - cockpit sharp, watts, a.j., lev and bear watch harry becoming smaller and smaller on the  asteroid.