maybe that accounts for my personality, which is a little nervous, i think.cut to:young alvy at the food-stand concession watching three military men representing the army, the navy and the marines arm in arm with a blond woman in a skirted bathing suit.
the house where alvy grew upalvy's mother sits at the old-fashioned dining-room table peeling carrots and talking as she looks off screen.
we were walking off the tennis court, and you know, he was there and me and his wife, and he looked at her and then they both looked at me, and under his breath he said, "jew." rob alvy, you're a total paranoid.
alvy scratches his head, looking for annie and trying not to notice the man.
i mean, you know, every now- 1st man what's your name?alvy is getting more and more uneasy as the man talks; more and more people move through the doors of the theater.
(as alvy opens the cab door, the two men still behind him, annie gets out) jesus, what'd you do, come by way of the panama canal?
(annie nods her head and shrugs her shoulders disgustedly as alvy, gesturing with his band, looks at her) so let's go see the sorrow and the pity.
man in line (loudly to his companion right behind alvy and annie) we saw the fellini film last tuesday.
alvy, reacting to the man's loud monologue, starts to get annoyed, while annie begins to read her newspaper.
man in line (overlapping alvy and annie) you know, it must need to have had its leading from one thought to another.
alvy (to annie, who is still reading, overlapping the man in line who is still talking) what are you depressed about?
alvy yeah, 'cause it's supposed to.he starts kissing annie's arm.
allison (off screen) do you feel all right?as allison and alvy look out at the stage, the camera cuts to their point of view: a comedian standing at a podium in front of huge waving pictures of adlaistevenson.
the audience, laughing and clapping, sits at round tables in clusters around the room.the camera moves back to allison and alvy watching the stage.
comedian (off screen, onstage) you know ...alvy starts looking allison up and down; people in the background mill about.
(they move over to the refrigerator; alvy moves as close to the wall as possible as annie, covering her mouth and laughing hysterically, teasingly dangles a lobster in front of him) will you get outta here with that thing?
what-what's he think we're gonna do, take him to the movies?annie hands the lobster to alvy as he takes it very carefully and drops it gingerly into the pot and puts the cover back on.
right, yeah, i think i know exactly what you mean, when you say "religious." alvy (incredulous, to annie) you do?
the off screen voices of alvy and annie are heard as they walk, thecamera always one step ahead of them.
rob (to alvy) you know annie?
annie yeah, well, i'm, but i ...alvy picks up his bag and moves toward the door.
alvy you know, i don't like to show my body to a man of my gender- annie yeah.
alvy (picking up some pictures and following annie into the bedroom) all right, granted, it has bad plumbing and bugs, but you-you say that like it's a negative thing.
alvy well, it ruins it for me if you have grass (clearing his throat) because, you know, i'm, like, a comedian- annie (overlapping) m'hm.
annie (looking up at alvy and laughing) uh huh.
annie (looking at alvy, smiling) yeah, well, we have the, i mean, they were just a terrific audience, i mean, you know, it makes it really easy for me, because i can be ...
annie (looking down at her hands, then up at alvy) i don't know, i thought it might be kind of fun, you know what i mean, it'd be nice to meet some new people.
annie well, i always wanted to try, you know, but, uh, alvy, uh ...