dussander stares at todd, who tries to speak, but suddenly cannot.
dussander you know nothing of my business -- todd what business?
dussander's living room - day todd speaks excitedly.
dussander's living room - day todd nowadays you have to...
todd looks deep into dussander's eyes.
slowly, todd reaches out and brushes his finger against dussander's hand.
todd, seated near the back of the bus, watches dussander climb aboard.
dussander's living room - day todd it was incredible.
dussander's front porch - day todd steps up onto the porch and looks around calmly.
dussander (cont'd) (more to himself than todd) ...and two missing children.
dussander points to the door, but todd remains motionless in his chair.
dussander steps past todd and picks up the receiver of the phone hanging on the wall above the table.
todd i know what the ss was, dussander.
dussander stares at todd, wanting to say something.
todd shovels a few more fries into his mouth, then looks up and sees dussander eyeing him.
dick and seeing as you're not playing soccer this year it's not like you don't have enough time-- todd that still bothers you, doesn't it?
dussander gets up and moves toward the kitchen, todd watches him go.
dussander sits at the head of the table, todd next to him.
todd's mother, monica bowden, still pretty at 36, pours dussander some more coffee.
dussander (looking at todd) perhaps your son would excel in combat.
residential street - sidewalk - night todd and dussander walk together in silence.
dussander (cont'd) tell me, does this french know your parents in a social way?
high school - office waiting area - day kurt dussander, a.k.a. arthur denker, a.k.a. victor bowden, todd's grandfather, sits outside an office marked, "edward french - guidance." dussander looks the best he has ever looked.
dussander's kitchen - day title: january 1985 todd sits alone at the table, eating while he studies.
french (cont'd) todd, you've got a lot of good things going on right now.
todd well if you put it that way -- dussander tell your parents i've had a letter, an important letter, and i need you to read it to me.
dussander's kitchen - night todd appears in the door of the kitchen.
dussander's basement & kitchen - night todd races up to the door.
dussander's basement - night archie blocks the stairs from todd.
dussander's kitchen - night todd bursts through the door.
dussander looks at todd's t-shirt.
todd turns to face dussander.
dussander's kitchen - night - later todd enters the kitchen and places the pages on the table just in time to look up and see dick standing in the kitchen doorway.
we hold on dick for a moment as he takes it all in: dussander, todd, and the room.
dussander's house - day todd comes through the front door, using his key to get in.
dussander looks almost hurt to hear todd say it.