melvin starts to walk back to his apartment door which is directly opposite simon's.
melvin (to simon) what i know is that as long as you keep your work zipped up around me, i don't give a fuck what or where you shove your show.
simon closes his door leaving melvin alone in the hallway.
simon's apartment, entrance hall - night a group of party goers enters -- followed by a handyman holding verdell who looks and finds: simon who looks up -- lights up -- and tears up as he moves quickly toward the group and his dog.
apartment building (new york) - hallway - night as simon hears melvin through the door and takes a step back.
melvin walks back into the apartment and is about to close the door when simon has another burst of bravery.
frank waits till simon exits scene and then knocks loudly on melvin's door.
new york city street near carol's restaurant - day a crowded and dirty street and here comes melvin.
they turn away -- melvin walks a few paces to the waitress station where two waitresses, lisa and carol, are talking.
simon's apartment - living room - day doug and evan are nearly to the front door as verdell stops them with a vicious growl and bark.
apartment building (new york) - hallway - another angle - night frank standing upset, anxious, holding a dog bowl, a leash and verdell, who is more upset making pathetic little crying sounds.
frank pushes open the door to melvin's apartment and places verdell inside.
melvin's apartment - night music in: as frank pulls the door partially closed to block verdell's escape.
melvin's apartment - living room - night verdell cringing as his new master approaches -- music continues ominously.
new york apartment building - hallway - day frank knocking on melvin's door.
as he looks over at the dog, verdell trots over and, without realizing it, melvin smiles at him to frank's surprise.
new york building - melvin's apartment - hallway - day melvin opens the door -- looks at the scarred simon in a wheelchair and shudders...
simon's apartment - day verdell lies just inside the front door whimpering for melvin.
apartment building (new york) - hallway - day nora holding her things, knocks on melvin's door.
but simon is denied even this small luxury as the camera abruptly adjusts just as he begins sobbing to focus on the door opening and melvin and verdell entering the room.
angle on melvin and simon's apartment house as carol consults the slip of paper with the address on it.
new york apartment building - hallway - night as carol passes simon's door...
simon looks back at melvin as does carol.
carol what do you want, melvin?
carol melvin, even though it may seem that way now -- you don't know me all that well...