jim's bedroom - night pan across details in a bedroom...we see discarded shirts...pants...socks...and hear porno-channel chick (v.o.) oooh, yeah.
east great falls high - main hallway - day jim and oz, now joined by kevin, walk down the hall.
east great falls high - senior lockers - day the guys pass by a group of band dorks, most notable of which is michelle, who proudly polishes her flute.
east great falls high - main hall near pop machine - day vicky is talking with jessica, a friend of hers, getting a pop (we're in the midwest now, gang) from the machine.
east great falls - senior lockers - day kevin, jim, and oz are still walking down the hall.
kevin, oz, jim and finch sit at a table.
oz (sings along) and little hurly-burly came by in her curly-wurly, and asked me if i needed i ri-hide -- kevin how the hell do you know all these random songs?
stifler's house - master bedroom - night kevin and vicky are on the bed, making out.
stifler's house - kitchen - night - same time oz is nursing a beer, having just told the story to jim, stifler, and some guys.
stifler's house - master bedroom - night vicky is pleasuring kevin...you know.
stifler's house - hallway - later kevin and jim are looking at a picture of stifler's mom on the wall.
stifler's house - stairway - night jim and kevin are coming down the stairs.
east great falls high - senior lockers - day kevin, jim, and oz are pooling a few dollars together, which kevin takes.
east great falls highs - library - day kevin holds a copy of the holy bible.
east great falls high - senior lockers - day kevin, oz, and jim are closely gathered around kevin's locker, holding their backpacks open.
east great falls high - near the hall of fame - day kevin is trying to talk to vicky.
kevin, stifler, and jim take seats in the back of the auditorium, listening.
east great falls high - day kevin is walking home with vicky.
jim's dad (cont'd) son, i wanted to talk to you about what i think you were trying to do the other day.
east great falls - library - day jim, kevin, oz, and stifler.
kevin you know, jim...you could go back there...and...
kevin's bedroom - day - same time finch what do you suppose they're saying?
east great falls high - main hallway - day kevin and oz catch up to jim.
east great falls high - mural staircase - day a girl holding out for finch talks to stifler.
east great falls high - a corner of the gym - night kevin, oz, jim, and finch are hanging out.
jim kevin, come on, the bus to stifler's is gonna be here soon.
and me, kevin, jim, and finch, we all made this pact.
stifler's cottage - bedroom - night kevin and vicky.