our pasta tonight is a squid ravioli in a lemon grass broth...close-up on porcelain plates containing elaborate perpendicular desserts descending on another table.patrick bateman, timothy price, craig mcdermott and david van patten are at a table set for four.
over there.he points to another handsome young man with slicked-back hair and horn-rimmed glasses.mcdermott who is he with?price (distracted by the waitress's cleavage as she bends over to uncork a bottle of wine – the waitress glares at him) some weasel from kicker peabody.van patten returns.van patten they don't have a good bathroom to do coke in.mcdermott are you sure that's paul owen over there?price yes.
that'll be twenty-five dollars.bateman pulls out an expensive-looking wallet and hands her a $50.she turns her back and searches the cash register for change.bateman you are a fucking ugly bitch i want to stab to death and then play around with your blood.the music muffles his voice.
a skirt or something.jean stands there, then looks down at herself.jean (smiling bravely) you don't like this, i take it?bateman come on, you're prettier than that.jean (sarcastically) thanks, patrick.the phone rings and jean turns to leave.bateman i'm not here.
please hold.he is on hold for a long time, getting very tense.maitre d'dorsia.bateman (both of his eyes are closed) umm...yes...i know it's a little late but is it possible to reserve a table for two at eight or eight-thirty perhaps?long pause.
let me guess, valentino couture?bateman uh huh.carruthers (reaching out to touch it) it looks so soft.bateman (catching luis hand) your compliment was sufficient luis.carruthers is distracted by a question from the colleague on his left.paul owen enters, carrying the wall st.
but i was supposed to talk to luis carruthers and he wasn't in and...well, you're here, so...i know how busy you guys can get.kimball stares at the three open copies of sports illustrated and the sony walkman lying on bateman's desk.
if i remember correctly, saint paul's...listen, i just...i just want to help.kimball i understand.he makes another note.kimball anything else you can tell me about owen?bateman we were both seven in 1969.kimball (smiles) so was i.bateman do you have any witnesses or fingerprints?kimball well, there's a message on his answering machine saying he went to london.bateman well, maybe he did, huh?kimball his girlfriend doesn't think so.bateman but...has anyone seen him in london?kimball actually, yes.bateman hmmm.kimball well, i've had a hard time getting an actual verification.
there is a long silence.bateman so, don't you want to know what i do?the two girls look at each other with uncomfortable smiles.
one part of me wants to take her out and talk to her and be real nice and sweet and treat her right."pauses, finishes his drink.mcdermott what does the other part of him think?bateman what her head would look like on a stick.mcdermott and van patten look at each other and then back at bateman.
i'm not very good at controlling it anyway.silence, as bateman walks around his apartment, opens up his knife drawer, looking at the knives.bateman so listen, what do you really want to do with your life?pause.bateman and don't tell me you enjoy working with children, okay?jean well, i'd like to travel.