amy sees virgil - his head turned slightly away - she drops her sweats and lies on the table, face down - pulling the sheet to cover herself.
slow moving cuts of virgil, working long strokes over amy's body - - his hands gracefully lengthening and stretching her muscles.
virgil reaches his hands all the way down her spine and makes a move that causes amy to release a very deep guttural sound.
amy is now lost in another world - as virgil shifts - working gently - not caressing - but molding - like a sculptor.
virgil sits next to her - then reaches out - takes her hand and starts a slow comforting massage - we see amy visibly relax.
amy looks down the hall - sees a glimpse of virgil rounding the corner.
virgil turns - sunglasses on - looks directly at amy.
and he moves into the front seat of the bus - amongst "hey virgil's" from the school kids and ca-chunk the doors close - the yellow bus steaming off - past amy, as she stares at virgil in the front seat - about to wave to him - then realizing he wouldn't see.
as she turns and watches the bus move off down the street - a hand comes out - virgil's - and waves good-bye.
virgil moves past jennie as she goes into the living room - hand up, door open and he's got a glass.
grazing his hand across a telephone pole - virgil stops - turns to amy.
they run in laughing - amy closing the door behind them as virgil moves his way into the center of the room - stands where the moonlight from a high window hits the floor.
amy moves closer - virgil puts his hands out on her shoulders - turns her to the sound.
amy strains to listen - closes her eyes - her head instinctively turning - no in unison with virgil's 
amy opens her eyes - looks about the room - listening.
virgil's hands move down amy's sides - slow - feeling each contour - the oil making her skin glisten.
virgil's hands move down her face - closing her eyes - letting her just experience his touch - his exploring.
amy in virgil's robe, pulls a juice container out of the fridge - pours herself a glass, putting the juice on the counter as she walks into the living room - taking in the sparseness of his surroundings.
and a final picture - virgil as an adult - he and jennie on the front porch - his arms wrapped around his sister like he's never going to let go.
she hurries up the steps, reaching the open door where she sees virgil, his head in his hands.
and she crawls back into bed, virgil takes hold of her and as she settles into his arm, he strokes her face gently - a blind man's version of watching his lover fall to sleep.
amy pulling a robe around herself - comes into the room - as jenny turns on her heel and walks away from virgil.
amy looks at virgil - - his hand running across one of her plans.
it's gershwin's "can't take that away from me." virgil turns to amy - picks up on the song - hands rapping - he starts singing: 
now jennie and amy, if you would stand off to my right -- i want virgil to get just a slight bounce of light.
as aaron leaves, jennie takes virgil's hand while amy stands there upset - watching him just staring at a soda can.
virgil's hands go out - amy moves to him - he holds her shoulders.
she looks across the room - where she sees silhouetted against the moonlit window - - virgil standing next to amy's sculpture, his face and body pressed up against the pane of glass.
amy smiles - moves into him as he pulls her in close and they look out at the night rain.
virgil looks left, right - trying to decide where to start his journey when we see the cab back up in front of him and amy climbs out.
virgil looks to amy.
amy - ready for one of virgil's wild dances takes hold of his hand.
amy watches him - sees he's uncomfortable - moves to him - but virgil turns on his heel and strides away.
amy comes up to him - finds virgil facing a wall - eyes shut.
at the window - virgil looking out - watching amy get in the cab.
applause and virgil looking to amy in the audience, stands - a seeing man - and easily makes his way to the podium.
on virgil - alone in amy's office - looking at her work.
virgil looks up - amy at the doorway.
amy looks over - sees virgil moving across the floor - gives him a little wave - he doesn't notice her.
we find virgil standing - looking out at the end of the street where he stood with amy.