lewis sir, of course i didn't mean to imply-- shepherd i thought you'd be turning cartwheels this morning, lewis -- 63 percent job approval.
shepherd, lewis and janie walk through the door being held open by an agent.
three years ago, we were elected to the white house by one of the narrowest margins in history, and today kodak tells us 63 percent of registered voters think we're doing a good job.
the oval office - day shepherd and lewis -- working on a speech.
robin (entering) david sasser from the times called and wanted to know what the white house felt was a great society.
cabinet room - night where shepherd is finishing a meeting with the defense secretary, chairman of the joint chiefs and a national security advisor, each of whom is accompanied by at least one deputy or aide.
president-- shepherd is it okay if i call you sydney?
sydney sir, i'm a little intimidated by my surroundings, and yes, i've gotten off to a rocky and somewhat stilted beginning, but don't let that diminish the weight of my message: the gdc has been at every president for the last decade and a half that global warming is a calamity, the effects of which will be second only to nuclear war.
shepherd --if i called sydney and asked her to be my date at the state dinner thursday night?
staircase - night shepherd and sydney are walking down the staircase that leads to the red-carpeted hall through which the president enters the east room.
as we go around the room, we can observe the subtle reactions of, at first, various anonymous guests, then cut to: a.j. and esther macinerney, holding hands smiling as they watch their old friend, and we cut to: rumson's table where the minority leader's game face can barely conceal the gears that have slowly begun to turn in his head, as we cut to: shepherd and sydney dancing sydney i don't know how you do it.
and the answers are "sydney ellen wade" and "because she said 'yes.'" lewis and robin looking on from the back of the room.
sydney i'm sure he didn't take the time to-- leo's secretary the messenger said he was waiting in the oval office for ten minutes while the president wrote the card.
the oval office - day shepherd is conferring with lewis and robin.
shepherd (to lewis and robin) there is no sydney issue.
shepherd (reading to himself as he talks sydney) she's gonna like you.
sydney it's just not-- shepherd have dinner with lucy and me.
private office/the residence - night lucy, shepherd and sydney are finishing up a game of scrabble.
oval office - night shepherd is with a.j., lewis, robin, kodak and a couple of aides, all of whom look as though they've been called out of their homes in the middle of the night.
the white house corridor - day shepherd walks away from the briefing room with robin.
lisa rips off another vote on the tote board, making it "14 votes in 51 days." reporter #1 sydney ellen wade, the political strategist who accompanied president shepherd to last week's state dinner, reportedly spent the night at the white house as a guest of-- dissolve to: int.
why don't you let a.j. and lewis-- shepherd no, you reminded me, i'm supposed to have dinner with sydney tonight.
shepherd (to lewis and robin) sydney says you guys are really stupid.
shepherd (into phone) sydney, his number have nowhere to go but up.
oval office - day shepherd stands in front a.j., lewis, robin, and kodak.
shepherd look, if people want to listen to bob rumson-- lewis they don't have a choice!
shepherd (to sydney) i've got some things to do.