montana 13various quick cuts, just flashes and impressions, as...seawater blasts down the corridors --explodes across the control room, hurling men like dolls --floods the cavernous missile bay in seconds --bursts through hatches into the reactor room --blasts men out of frame in a micro-second.ext.
bud look, i don't know what kind of a deal you guys worked out with the company, but my people are not qualified for this...
one by one the shoulder the gear-bags, grab the rope, and step out.lindsey stands swaying in the chopper door, watching the seals fast-ropingto the deck.
behind it, the mass ofdeepcore emerges from the darkness, its forward lighting array blazing.flatbed is towing it like a tug, aided by deepcore's own mighty sternthrusters.int.
deepcore/control module 33bud is surprised to see lindsey's face appear on the monitor screen.
coffey and schoenick hand the gear bags into wilhite and monk though the hatch under the rear of the submersible.lindsey approaches, wearing a borrowed roustabout's coverall.she looks down at the larger of the two equipment cases brought by the seals,lying on the deck.
(to coffey) a little change of plan.the little sub is swinging like a pendulum on the cable, and the seals,jammed in with their equipment in the tiny space, are getting slammed intothe walls.
you gotta be kidding me.ext./cab three/deep core 44lindsey executes a 180 degree turn and cruises over the control module, backthrough the a-frame toward the docking hatch.
deepcore/compression chamber/gas control station 45lindsey drops down from the hatch into the small cylindrical pressure chamber.the seals drop down behind her, passing their gear through hand-over-hand.the chamber is spartan, with steel benches, a folding card table, breathingmasks, and medical supplies.
lindsey look, i didn't come down here to fight.she crosses past bud and exits into the corridor.
we think she slid down the wall, and lodged against this outcropping.cut wide, showing the rig crew gathered around a worktable in the sub-bay.the divers, bud, catfish, sonny, finler, jammer, and the four seals havetheir dry-suits on.
watch for hatches that could close on you, or any loose equipment that could fall.jammer, catfish, finler, and sonny follow him inside.int.
catfish hooks his safety line onto bud's with acarabiner and move along the corridor with the others.ext./int.
lindsey jammer saw something in there, something that scared the hell out him-- bud his mixture got screwed up.
corridor/sub bay 84bud, lindsey, and hippy walking along the corridor, hippy in a black mood ofincipient paranoia.
sub bay 85bud clears the door in time to see an empty moonpool, roiling with turbulence.he runs to the edge and looks down.
like acrack pit-crew bud's people leap onto flatbed while its deck is still awashand start to work on to navy divers, unsealing their helmets and uncouplingtheir umbilicals.
deepcore/control module 103bud runs in, past hippy, and grabs the mike.
deepcore control module 105lindsey has joined bud, looking out the front viewport.
she ain't half as smart as she thinks she is.she smiles and pretends to kink lindsey's air-hose.across the chamber, hippy scowls as little geek's screen starts to go haywirewith interference.
hippy you mean like coffey?lindsey is reddening.
bud lindsey, will you step into my office for a minute...int.
mess hall -- later 131coffey has bud, lindsey and several of the rig crew gathered for a littlesummit.
corridor 136lindsey, bud, hippy.
lindsey it's trying to communicate.her liquid face suddenly transforms into a likeness of bud's.she reaches out her hand slowly.
lindsey (v.o.) get in!bud gets the lockout hatch open and clambers up into cab one's belly.int./ext.
lindsey i don't know, look around.bud scans the cramped interior, feels around under the water.
all you gotta do is hang on!lindsey crouches at the edge to watch bud submerge.he looks up at her as he drops away.in a few seconds, she can't see him.
lindsey 8500 feet, bud.
but i'm there in the dark with you, bud you're not alone...lindsey seems not to be in the room, but to be with him, seeing what he sees.she is oblivious to the others.ext.