young cole's pov: intermittently visible through a confusion of figures rushing through the foreground, the blonde man reaching up and touching the cheek of the kneeling brunette in a gesture of enormous tenderness, a gesture of farewell, while the p.a. system continues its monotonous monotone...
cole's pov: spray-painted on the wall a long time ago is a stenciled logo of twelve monkeys holding hands in a circle.
second underground decontamination chamber - eternal night stark naked and shivering, cole is being scrubbed with brushes on long poles (like the ones used to wash cars) wielded by two hulking figures in bulky decontamination suits, their personas lost in their windowed masks.
engineering office/future world - eternal night ushered in by two guards, tiny and scarface, cole looks around.
a blackboard covered with elaborate, sophisticated formulae...surfaces heaped with cracked monitors, gerry-rigged computers held together with string, lasers lost in tangles of cable, ancient tube amplifiers, a dilapidated cardboard reconstruction of a city, stacks of moldering books and tattered computer printouts...and, seated at a long conference table, staring at cole, six scientists: an astrophysicist, engineer, botanist, microbiologist, zoologist, and a geologist.
engineering office - an hour later (eternal night) cole, starting to look very tired now, stands at the blackboard sketching a detailed map of exactly where he was last night.
just then, a woman's voice cries out, "nooooooooo!" young cole turns back toward the security check point just as travelers scatter madly, some diving to the floor, others running.
a terrified traveler, hitting the floor close by, looks up at young cole with panicky eyes, and asks....
engineering office/future world - (eternal night) cole comes abruptly awake.
poet still among the myriad microwaves, the infra-red messages, the gigabytes of ones and zeroes, we find words, infinitesimally small, byte-sized now, tinier even than science lurking in some vague electricity where, if we listen we can hear the solitary voice of that poet telling us, "we are no other than a moving row of magic shadow-shapes that come and go round with the sun-illumined lantern hold in midnight by the master of the show." as the poet reads, we study the audience, mostly yuppie culture junkies or bohemians.
railly's pov through the window: a man, his back to her, in strait-jacket and prison denims, examining the wall of the padded cell with the distorted intensity of a "mental case".
railly's pov through the window: the man in the cell turns, looks right at her.
billings is at cole's side, beckoning to a patient, jeffrey mason, a twenty year old white youth dressed in khakis and a plaid shirt.
cole looks desperately toward railly, pleading eyes meeting hers.
railly's office/county hospital - day a dismayed cole still has the receiver in his hand.
we're all monkeys cole locks up, startled, as jeffrey, one eye bruised black, takes the seat next to him.
tech room/psych ward - shortly (day) railly prepares a hypo, turns to cole who is strapped tightly on a gurney with billings and an rn standing on either side, tense for more trouble.
acura/freeway - night railly glances in the mirror, sees cole settling back wearily against the seat.
the mysterious brunette races past him toward the blonde man, and young cole again glimpses the resemblance to railly, in spite of the dark hair, the make-up, the flashy earrings.
cole quickly checks the map as railly stares, then turns left.
railly stares at him, then turns and is looking all around when, suddenly, cole pulls her up tight and threatens...
railly tries to stop, but cole, intent on the wall messages, doesn't notice the thugs.
the two thugs turn and spot cole and railly moving toward them.
railly looks over to cole, sees...
cole ignores the question as he pockets the man's wallet and a handful of bullets, then turns and snaps at railly.
library/mason mansion cole, smudged with dirt and car grease, sitting in the shadows in a wingback chair, looks up as jeffrey and agent #3 enter the room.
jeffrey throws an arm around cole's shoulder and starts leading him toward the door as the two agents exchange narrow-eyed looks.
then, the trunk swings open and cole stands in the moonlight, looking down railly is in the trunk, tears of rage and frustration in her eyes.
railly have you seen james cole?
angle on the desk clerk, watching railly and cole climb stairs.
among them, railly looks furtively left and right, cole on her heels.
cole and railly exchange a quick look.
angle on cole, following railly's look, seeing mr.
angle on detectives, reaching railly and cole.