o'hara looks at his sargent with aperplexed expression, and takes longer to put his arm down       abby       you know the reverend doctor harper from the church next       door ?
abby       oh, teddy, will you run upstairs and bring down your army       and navy from aunt martha's room.
reverend harper       that's splendid work you men do, fixing up discarded toys       for the kids at camp.teddy, who has started to mount the stairs to the upper level,stops in his stride, pretends he is taking a sword out of a sheathat his side, points this imaginary sword in front of him andstarts running up the stairs, yelling :       teddy       charge !when he arrives on the balcony, on which open the bedroom doors,he rushes into his room and slams the door.while bophy and reverend harper remain unmoved, o'hara, who isstanding by the grandfather's clock, jumps and looks at the clock,which chimes once.
brophy       isn't it a shame, father, isn't it a shame, reverend, that       a nice family like this should be hatching a cuckoo ?the front door opens and martha brewster comes in.
he won't interfere       with our plans for mortimer and elaine.brewster residence - sitting room - interior daythe two sisters enter their house.
i shall prepare at once for the       journey.he starts mounting the stairs, stops and goes back a few stepsdown, takes his imaginary sword out, points it forward, and runsupstairs, yelling :       teddy       charge !before teddy slams his door, abby put her hand on the face of theclock to prevent the minute hand falling down.
cab driver       yeah !mortimer runs across the churchyard to meet elaine.we see the two brewster sisters peeking behind the curtains oftheir window.
elaine       no, not now !she opens her door.brewster residence - sitting room - interior daythe two sisters are eagerly waiting for mortimer.
mortimer       let's find them before elaine sees them.teddy comes out of his room on the balcony.
before the door closes back, we can hear him singing :       teddy       ´oh, tell the news to motherª.abby is still looking for mortimer's note, and, in a drawer, shefinds a piece of paper that seems to annoy her.
abby       there's a baby picture of your brother jonathan.mortimer takes the picture and looks at it.insert - close-up of the picture.
abby       no, teddy's down in the cellar now, digging the lock.mortimer looks very shocked.
martha       why, abby, what do you think happened to him ?they walk out of the kitchen.brewster residence - sitting room - interior daymortimer sits at the telephone desk and picks up the phone.
the driver opens the door forher, but she keeps on walking.brewster residence - sitting room - interior nightmortimer is standing by the window-seat.
he is holding a newspaper in his hand.she comes back to the door, but mortimer slams it in her face.brewster residence - sitting room - interior nightmortimer locks the door and goes back to the phonebrewster residence - exterior nightelaine is knocking desperately on the door.
elaine       mortimer !brewster residence - sitting room - interior nightmortimer is back sitting at the desk and talking into the phone.in the background, we hear elaine's pounding on the door.
no, i'm not drunk, madam, but you've given       me an idea !a noise of chairs and various objects falling.mortimer comes to the table and takes the carafe and a glass.abby, concentrated on gibbs raising the glass to his lips again,doesn't see him, but martha does, and seems very anxious about it.she taps her two forefingers together.
martha       abby, we promised mortimer we wouldn't let anyone come in.more knocks at the door.
doctor einstein       yes, it's nice here.teddy comes out of his room on the balcony.
teddy       gentlemen, be seated.jonathan and einstein pretend they are standing up, but theyimmediately sit back in their chairs.teddy comes down the last steps and goes toward the table.
doctor einstein       well, bon voyage !he waves them goodbye and then follows teddy downstairs.jonathan has remained seated, with both his aunts standing on theother side of the table.
doctor einstein       hey, johnny...brewster residence - sitting room - interior nightjonathan comes in through the cellar door, with einstein followingbehind him.
doctor einstein       yeah.jonathan moves to the front door, opens it, stops to look around,and then closes the door.einstein walks slowly in the room.
abby       it's your brother, jonathan !elaine grabs mortimer's coat, and starts talking to him.
doctor einstein       what's going to happen to mister spenalzo ?mortimer takes a fork on the table and stabs jonathan's leg withit.
jonathan       i've led a strange life, mortimer.abby comes in through the kitchen door, followed by martha.
doctor einstein       hey, johnny, johnny, come quick !jonathan, who was looking down into the open window-seat, standsup.
doctor einstein       well, we got an ace in the hole.jonathan closes the window-seat, and walks toward the cellar.brewster residence - kitchen - interior nighto'hara is explaining something to mortimer.
abby       well, martha, i think we can start the services now.they stop when they see jonathan and einstein.
mortimer       okay, thank you.brewster residence - sitting room - interior nightclose-up on the empty window-seat, where just remains mr.spenalzo's hat.from the open cellar door, martha is coming out, followed by abby.they are still dressed in their funeral clothes.
doctor einstein       what ?brewster residence - sitting room - interior nightmortimer is trying to calm his aunts down       abby       now, look.
doctor einstein       yeah.o'hara looks at jonathan's face.