he peers through thescope.his pov - through scopehe puts the crosshairs on the shoulder flank of a big,ivory-white timber wolf, fifty yards away.back to sceneanne marie stands beside eric, a nikon with a telephoto lensin her hand, holding her breath in anticipation.
on thedoor of the scout is a stylized logo of an oil derrick,under which are the words:									northland petroleum corp.anne marie opens the hatchback and grabs a video camera.angle on eric and the wolferic smiles as the wolf wobbles tentatively to his feet andtrots unsteadily away.
bouncing, it comes down hardagainst the axle-deep bank at the creek's high water mark.lemalle tries to back out, but can't find traction in themud.eric stops the scout thirty yards behind them.10   int.
haul road - creek crossing - long shotas corbett comes closer, eric realizes this might not'vebeen a great idea.
then, his eyes narrow and he lookspast eric at the scout.corbett's povthe passenger in the scout sticks what looks like anotherrifle out the window.back to sceneeric quickly glances over his shoulder to make sure annemarie's backing him up.
(to trappers)			let's go.as corbett walks to the jeep, he's too angry to notice thathe's stepped in a patch of mud under the land rover.near the jeep, lemalle stops and pulls them into a huddle.
the front door of the dwelling opens.eric and anne marie come outside, delighted to see wilder.
the sos fire (made fromburning green branches for white smoke and rubber for blacksmoke) has burnt down to embers.eric, anne marie and wilder pull up in wilder's pickup.the two sportsmen sit in the front seat of the land rover,but they don't react to the arrival of the rescuers.
wilder			i got an emergency on my hands.corbett smiles at eric as he walks inside.48   int.
corbett			(to wilder; re anne marie)			a lot to ask, dragging him away			from such a good-looking girl --										eric			(irritated)			-- to take you to jail?
anne marie comes in andcrosses to wilder.eric pulls a floor trap door open and digs through thecompany-issue equipment, coming up with a huge remingtonbolt-action bear rifle.
(off her look)			i'm sure not gonna let him go.covering corbett with the rifle, eric handcuffs him to thesturdy metal bracket of a wall unit.54   ext.
she looks outthe tiny window.her pov - through windoweric is putting wilder's body inside an enclosed storagecompartment built flush into the side of the turtle.back to scenehorrified, anne marie turns away.
(beat)			listen, i've got some money put			away --																(continued)58   continued:  (3)										anne marie			-- don't ever think you can buy			eric off, mr.
cessna - (aerial shot)it picks up speed and takes off.angle through window - (aerial shot)below, the trappers watch the plane zoom over their heads.lemalle points his carbine at it, but viking bob pushes therifle down.87   int.
(continued)107  continued:eric turns, surprised at corbett's unabashed awe.catching the men's smell the moose bound away, and the spellis broken.108  ext.
the turtlelemalle goes outside and shines his flashlight around.new anglein the back, anne marie drags an evergreen tree branchbehind her to cover her tracks in the snow, then climbs intothe utility compartment where wilder's body was stored.a moment later, lemalle comes around the corner.
real			reason he's here is to buy			corbett's traps.eric looks at kenai, then at neff.
(continued)165  continued:  (2)										eric			there isn't one, unless corbett's			men get here before the plane			does.anne marie grasps the situation with a sickening clarity.
holding the pistol tocorbett's head, he pushes corbett out in front of him.anne marie and eric exchange a long look.