marshall as you know, three weeks ago american special forces, in cooperation with the russian republican army, secured the arrest of turkmenistan's self- proclaimed dictator, general ivan stravanavitch, whose brutal sadistic reign had given new meaning to the word horror.
air force one, corridor, traveling - night maria mitchell escorts the russians down the plane's length.
moscow international airport - night the president's motorcade pulls up in front of air force one.
air force one - night the president and his entourage ascend from the lower deck platform onto the main deck.
president's stateroom - night marshall collapses on the couch, rubs his eyes, then closes them.
korshunov, nevsky and vlad follow gibbs into the secret service office.
conference room - night the conference room door bursts open and two secret service agents, weapons drawn, enter the room and run to marshall.
lower deck of air force one - night beneath the main cabin, the secret service agents run the president through the forward baggage compartment and the lower galley: a large room with compartments, storage freezers and food preperation tables.
sky - night small bay doors open in the belly of air force one, and a human sized cannister drops from the bottom, its parachute opening instantly.
air force one, mission comnunications center - night zedeck steps over the three dead communications specialists, on his way to the cockpit door.
corridor - air force one - night terrorists lead hostages to the conference room.
air force one - night series of shots-- the terrorists, from every corner of the plane, lead the stunned survivors, hands on heads, to the central conference room.
corridor, air force one - night nevsky and bazylev guard the conference room door as korshunov and vlad enter.
baggage hold - night president marshall reaches the front stairway.
white house situation room - day a map of air force one's flight trajectory is displayed on the rear screen.
president's stateroom - night marshall cautiously enters the room.
air force one, gangway - hands behind his head, marshall walks in front of bazylev, an mp5 pressed against his neck.
air force one cockpit - night zedeck monitoring the controls.
gangway, air force one - bazylev, thrown off balance, tries to keep his gun trained on marshall.
mission communications center - night rose cradles alice, both of them looking away, as korshunov raises his gun, pointing it at mitchell.
air force one flight deck - night gibbs about goddamn time.
afo, mission communication center - night zedeck leads the three hostage into the m.c.c. rose and marshall - their eyes meet.
marshall tries to look away, but zedeck forces him to watch.
air force one, main cabin - night marshall ascends down from the upper deck.
air force one, lower aft galley - night marshall swings into the cubicle...
cockpit - air force one - night on tactical computer - "radar lock" "dis-engaging auto-pilot" the plane banks left into a dive.
sky - night looking forward from underneath an f-15, the mig heads toward air force one.
air force one, cockpit - night marshall struggles to regain control of the 747.
marshall u.s. pilots, this is air force one.
sky - night on the two mig's heading for air force one.
alice, rose and shepherd watch marshall fly.
air force one, cockpit - night marshall looks out the side cockpit window, sees carlton's f- 15 fly steady with his.
cockpit, air force one - might alice, rose and shepherd stand behind the pilot's seat.
cockpit, air force one - night marshall how long's it been?
air force one cockpit - marshall we're hooked.
air force one cockpit - night marshall i can't stabilize it.