lloyd is the author of 'footsteps on the ceiling' - the play which has won for eve harrington the sarah siddons award...karen absently pats the top of her little pile of refuse.
he is the producer of the play which has won eve harrington the sarah siddons award...max rests fitfully.
the part for which eve harrington is receiving the sarah siddons award was intended originally for margo channing...addison, having sipped his soda water, puts a new cigarettein his holder, leans back, lights it, looks and exhales inthe general direction of the table of honor.
addison's glance moves from karen to margo.
flash bulbs pop and pop and pop...the waiters applaud enthusiastically...aged actor, award in hand, he beams at her...eve smiles sweetly to her left, then to her right...max has come to.
addison, still applauding, his eyes flash first at margo andthen at karen.
addison's look moves slowly from eve to karen.
after all, six nights a week - for weeks - of watching even margo channing enter and leave a theater- eve i hope you don't mind my speaking to you...
eve enters like a novitiate's first visit to the vatican.karen, with a "good evening, gus -" to the doorman, leads theway toward margo's stage dressing room.
like some magic perfume...karen smiles, takes eve's arm.
a typewritten chit, thumbtacked, says miss channing.as karen and eve approach it, an uninhibited guffaw frommargo makes them pause.
at the same moment: margo's voice (loudly; through the door) "honey chile," i said, "if the south had won the war, you could write the same plays about the north!"karen enters during the line.
lloyd margo's interview with a lady reporter from the south- birdie the minute it gets printed they're gonna fire on gettysburg all over again...
they're not people - those little beast who run in packs like coyotes- karen they're your fans, your audience- margo they're nobody's fans!
margo, you've got to see her, she worships you, it's like something out of a book- lloyd that book is out of print, karen, those days are gone.
karen i was telling margo and lloyd about how often you'd seen the play...they start together, and stop in deference to each other.they're a little flustered.
i'm curious...eve looks at margo, then drops her eyes.
good night...lloyd shakes her hand, crosses to join karen who waits at theopen dressing room door.
the door is closed behind him, thedeparture routine starts...margo and eve turn to go.
birdie she's got two things to do - carry clothes an' press 'em wrong - an' just let anybody else muscle in...as she talks, margo hurries to the door and out after eve.
eve well, i was sure you'd want to, of course, being his birthday, and you've been so busy these past few days, and last night i meant to tell you before you went out with the richards - and i guess i was asleep when you got home...
karen's voice i saw eve quite often after our first meeting, but we never really talked again - until the party margo gave for bill when he returned from hollywood...int.
being here with miss channing has been - i just can't say, she's been so wonderful, done so much for me- karen (smiles) lloyd says margo compensates for underplaying on the stage by overplaying reality...
eve i don't let myself think about it, even- (she looks up, rises as she speaks) - but i do know the part so well, and every bit of the staging, there'd be no need to break in a new girl- (suddenly afraid, she sits) - but suppose i had to go on one night?
eve's voice (quietly) miss channing?bill and margo look off.
karen margo, nothing you've ever done has made me as happy as your taking eve in...
miss caswell drapes her coat over the rail, heads for max.addison puts eve's arm in his.
lloyd then a childish, heavy-handed routine about not knowing eve was her understudy- karen it's just possible she didn't...
lloyd well of all- karen margo!
karen's voice lloyd never got around, somehow - to asking me whether it was all right with me for eve to play "cora"...
addison and eve are on their way.lloyd goes right by.