printed on a helmet, in a psychedelic hand, are the words: "gook killer." the head emerges revealing that the tough-looking soldier beneath has exceptionally long hair and beard; he has no shirt on, only bandoliers of ammunition - his body is painted in an odd camouflage pattern.
our view moves away, along with the running sandals of a vietnamese soldier, moving faster and faster, only to be stopped by still another of the savage-looking americans with primitive ornamentation, wearing only a loin-cloth and green beret.
our view moves toward one particular officer; b.l. willard , in uniform, a captain of the airborne, followed by four or five vietnamese kids trying to shine his shoes and sell him things.
9 full shot - underground plotting room a door swings wide -- willard steps through and comes to attention, blocking the view of the room.
the chef jumps aboard; lance mans the forward twin fifty-caliber machine guns -- they wave to the guards on the dock and move away into the complexity that leads to the ocean.
dissolve to : 17 view on the boat - proceeding up the coast the chief is at the helm -- willard approaches him.
sergeant big show in the parade grounds this noon -- some boss stuff -- willard this -- bob hope or the like -- sergeant no sir, i think -- this'll be a little bit different -- chief where's it gonna be ?
shot willard is sitting with kilgore on acouple of chairs by a table set up in front of the command copter.
willard looks at lance -- then at kilgore.
shot - kilgore, willard kilgore looks out as three v.c. break and run through the rice paddies -- the helicopter turns and follows them -- the door gunner swings out and blasts two of them into the mud.
willard looks over, beginning to think lance is crazy, too.
95 full shot - the point - kilgore, willard , lance, others kilgore watches the waves with his field glasses -- smoke drifts over.
kilgore (continuing; mumbling) the napalm -- ruin -- napalm my perfect left -- my perfect left point break -- napalm -- lance motions with his eyes to willard.
chief yeah, chef -- go ahead -- take lance with you -- willard i'll go with him -- they all look at him.
shot - the jungle - chef, willard - night they cautiously walk through the underbrush.
chef (continuing; screaming) goddamn -- jesus christ tiger -- motherfucking tiger -- ohhhhhhhhh -- willard jams another clip in his gun and backs out of the clearing, covering the bushes and runs, scared out of his head as well.
willard (v.o.) (continuing) our way of life -- i really started to look forward to meeting kurtz again.
colonel walter kurtz -- willard's hand fushes through the packet and comes up with apicture of a very attractive, thirty-five year old american beauty...
118 close shot - willard he looks out at the ominous jungled mountains.
willard chef -- since you're such a fan of miss december's i think you should be detailed with lance and clean to take the first drum up there.
she looks up at him -- willard ma'am -- i'd like to thank you for what you an' all your friends have done for us -- i want you to know that me an' the men appreciate you coming all this way -- riskin' your lives -- living uncomfortably an' doing all you can to entertain us.
- bridge - clean, chef they stand in the shallows waiting for willard and lance.
179 close on willard, roxanne one eye steals another look at the p.b.r. 180 view on the p.b.r. two of the guards leave -- two remain, getting ready for the long night.
shot - willard, chief the boat roars out across the river.
without looking willard knows that kurtz is standing behind him.
view - lance and chef - night we can see into the headquarters: kurtz offers the canteen to willard.
kurtz's wife come in, captain willard.