around it's neck is a business card that reads, "you have been had by ace ventura - pet detective." he breathes fire.
as the ups man/ace rounds the corner, his shirt opens up at his pot belly and the shiatsu's head sticks out.
the landlord walks away as ace closes the door.
while ace studies the tape, he chews sunflower seeds in a bird-like fashion, placing the shells in a neat little pile on her desk.
ace and melissa head for snowflake's tank.
while eating sunflower seeds, ace meticulously examines the tank, including the scratches where the hand banged up against the wall when snowflake was stolen.
ace enters, sees a burnout at the bar whose head is circling insanely to the music.
ace and melissa climb an impressive stairway leading to camp's mansion.
ace suddenly opens the bathroom door and stands there, completely drenched from head to toe, with his pants in shreds.
camp wants his hand back but ace won't let go.
melissa stares at ace like he's gone crazy.
ace hands melissa the stone and quickly goes to one of her bookcases.
pan a few kids getting autographs from marino and other players, ending on ace dressed up and looking like a pimply kid.
we see melissa's dog lying near ace's feet.
ace and melissa see roger podacter's body taken away in an ambulance.
ace gives emilio a "way to go" look.
emilio, ace and melissa enter and are immediately approached by one of the officers.
ace holds out his hand, einhorn shakes it.
ace and melissa head for the door.
ace jumps out, followed by melissa.
ace motions for melissa to feel the back of his neck, but when she does, he snaps at her hand, barking like a vicious dog.
ace and melissa look through finkle's file on a microfiche screen.
the chanting stops and the guys all look at ace.
finkle and ace are walking down the hallway to ray's room.
ace heads for the door.
ace checks on snowflake then goes to marino.
einhorn turns to ace.
just like the trick in his routine, however, snowflake swims around the tank, passes ace, then hands the gun back to einhorn.
einhorn walks to ace and puts the gun against his head.
einhorn kicks ace.
ace looks at melissa and emilio and shrugs his shoulders.
then, just when it seems all is lost, dan marino who is back behind einhorn, motions for ace to come over.