cameron rises to leave and makes eye contact with patrick verona, a sullen-looking bad ass senior who waits outside ms perky's door.
she motions for patrick to enter her office and cameron shuffles out the door, bumping into michael eckman, a lanky, brainy senior who will either end up a politician or game show host.
doesn't respond another angle michael and cameron observe joey's leers at bianca from their bench in another corner.
michael putters off, leaving cameron dodging patrick's grimy, grey jeep -- a vehicle several years and many paint jobs away from its former glory as a regulation mail truck - - as he sideswipes several cars on his way out of the lot.
boy's room - day michael stands at the sink, trying to scrub joey's artwork off his face as cameron watches.
boy's room - day patrick stands at the sink, washing his hands michael and cameron cower in the corner, watching him.
patrick (continuing) i watched you out there i've never seen you look like that kat steps away, brushing the hair back that he just touched her cheeks pinken.
patrick gives kat one last look before the door shuts, then smiles- ext.
stratford house/upstairs hallway - night bianca and chastity stand outside kat's room.
joey slithers away from the door to watch, giving kat one last smirk, just as bianca walks into the kitchen.
joey my man as patrick turns, kat breaks free and dives into the sea of dancing people in the dining room.
bogey's dining room - night as patrick walks kat through the dining room, cameron grabs his arm.
kat bianca patrick no offense, but you're sister is without.
patrick looks at mandella, who shrugs and follows kat.
michael and cameron look at each other in realization, then turn back to patrick.
field hockey field - day cameron sits next to patrick on the bleachers as they watch kat's practice.
joey turns back to patrick and kat.
kat looks from joey to patrick, not sure what she's hearing.
kat i'11 go patrick looks up.
michael pulls her back down for another round on kat and patrick she tries to keep him from grabbing the yearbook that bianca now hands her.