cole, bob, and frank exchange looks.
another roar from the gatling pushes their heads down, but as that sound fades, another blends in, growing louder and louder, the sound of hoofbeats angle on the men at the fortification, turning to face the woods, their faces stunned as jesse james on horseback at full gallop explodes from the woods, heading straight at his own men and at the last second leaps over the barrier, and as he does jesse leans back in the saddle to let the wind strip off his longrider coat, revealing for the first time his guns -- two colts at the hip, a crossed bandolier on his chest with two cross-holstered colts at the shoulders, and two colts in the small of his back.
cole wait'll we get back to missouri, start telling those gals about how little jesse james charged the whole union army by himself!
montage -- jesse, frank, the youngers and comanche tom riding hard down country roads, past burned out farms.
hilltop - day jesse, frank, cole, bob, and comanche tom are looking down on the frontier town of liberty, missouri.
mimms home - day jesse and frank ride toward a handsome white two-story frame house that stands in a grove of elm trees.
james farm - day jesse and frank ride up.
james home jesse and frank enter, surprised to find cole, bob, comanche tom, and a gawky 15 year old jim younger all eating at their kitchen table.
(off her look) seeing as right now there's a gaggle of girls hoping to dance with jesse who are just going to have to settle for the many charms of bob younger.
cole i say we ride into town and kill us some pinkertons and railroad men.
zee let the law -- jesse laws don't touch men like thaddeus rains.
fidelity bank frank james, bob and jim younger, clell miller, loni packwood, comanche tom and several new gang members wait along both sides of the street in this medium sized mid-western town.
jesse (cont'd) (reading) "the fidelity bank and trust was robbed on tuesday by a gang of twenty heavily armed men." cole twenty?!
jesse "the outlaws calling themselves the james-younger gang shot their way out of town, wounding the sherriff and three other townsfolk." bob hey!
reveal alan pinkerton now moving toward rains and parker, limping from when jesse's horse trampled him.
doc mimms i'm upset too, zee, but jesse and cole know what they're doing.
the coach is stopped jesse and frank are pulling the payroll off as the rest of the gang keeps their guns on the remaining pinkertons.
whittly bank - day jesse, cole, frank, and bob are in the middle of a stick-up.
jesse, frank, and cole look at bob.
frank, jesse, and cole exchange looks.
jim you and frank and cole, and even bob, get all these girls because you're good looking and famous.
jesse, cole and frank dismount and move swiftly to the bank doors.
hyperion bank jesse, frank and cole whirl to face the door.
(looking at cole) if i find out you turned in jesse, i'll kill you myself.