jungle - night     the sky glows from nearby bomb attacks.13   nico     listening hard -- and even sniffing the air -- glances back     at zagon, who stands impatiently, drawing on a cigarette.
as the party moves out, fox flashes nico a look as if to say,     "don't fuck with these guys."14   ext.
nico -- 15 years older than when we     last saw him, is standing beside sara, his lovely wife        *     -- watching a 60-ish priest, father genarro, finish the     final ritual on nico's infant son julian.
for havin'                  more relatives under federal indictment                  than any other cop in chicago.36   two of nico's uncles     branca and luigi, who   look like they have been on the other     side of a cop's work,   are in turn eying lukich and henderson     -- plus a cluster of   other cops in civvies hovering around     the buffet table like   vultures.
a free meal                  and they come out like flies.37   street outside nico's house - day     an unmarked police car pulls up.
dolores jackson ("jax"),     another undercover cop, tall, black, and elegant, enters     the driveway leading to nico's back yard --     above the law - rev.
while jackson     and sara continue their "mom" talk, nico edges off toward      *     watanabe, shaking her hand with real pleasure.
street outside bar - day     jackson looks up from the car to see nico -- wild-haired,     shirt ripped and bloody -- emerging from the adjacent     apartment stoop, leading young lucy, who's tear-streaked,     wearing a torn dressing gown.
federal building - day     abandano and the woman are crossing the plaza as nico and     jackson run up the block.
unmarked car - night     nico and jackson in the shadows down the street from the     body shop.
unmarked car - moving - night     jackson picks up nico's pad to take down the response.
salvano's restaurant - night     nico and jackson enter the main dining room, which we     recognize from the scene with nardo the busboy.
nico's eyes never leave chi chi.92   rear dining room     from the back hallway salvano emerges -- in his tux,     looking prosperous.
packing plant - day      nico and lukich sprint in a crouch past the blood runoffs,      meat cutting tables --101   nico's pov - running      through the windows at the rear of the plant, we see the      station wagon and the van, pulling up swiftly beside one      another, men getting out --102   int.
jackson and lukich watch nico take out the      notes, hand them to lieutenant strozah.above the law - rev.
*136a   other side of squad room       agent halloran edges up to jackson, who's grabbing coffee       on the far side of the squad room, and watching from there       as nico gives strozah more of a hard time.
precinct house - day      nico and jackson's car pulls out into traffic.139   int.
unmarked car - parked (alley behind salvano's)      jackson and nico are eating some fast good.
unmarked car - day      nico and jackson case the restaurant from down the alley.142   ext.
street up block from church - day       nico's car backs out of sight around the corner.147    sidewalk in front of church       salvano and chi chi, seeing nothing, enter the church.148    int.
salvano and       chi chi stop at the head of the aisle, genuflect to the       altar, move in, take seats toward the front.149    back of church       nico and jackson slip in the front door, glide silently       into the shadows at the rear of the church.
as the      churchgoers file in, we see families -- women, kids,      babies.159   nico, sara, rosa and julian                                 *      are among the crowd, exchanging pleasantries with friends      and neighbors -- in english, italian and spanish.160   int.
safe house - day       branca leads nico, sara, rosa, julian and lukich down a        *       corridor.
car - night      nico, jackson, and lukich gaze at the building.
nico, firing, grabs      lukich, dives out the door with him --307   hallway      zagon and salvano open fire from the apartment full-tilt.