monty finally stands and walks toward the man, closer and 
monty and doyle watch the man go; they begin walking in the 
monty looks up at the old private school, tucked away on a 
two tenth grade girls look at monty as they pass by.
monty walks down a corridor of the school building, doyle 
classes, stare at the dog and then at monty.
jakob turns to look at hi s class , who all stare at mont y and 
{ \ monty lean s close r t o jakob .
he leads doyle away and jakob closes the door , the n turns to 
she sees monty coming she closes the book and stands.
monty closes the apartment door behind naturelle and doyle, 
monty whistles and doyle stands and walks over to him.
monty sits on the sofa, running his hand over the sofa 
monty--stares--up--at- kostya for a few seconds before-walking -- 
the boys point and monty looks.
monty stares into the mirror covering one wall of the room.
monty looks through the door and sees naturelle leaving 
·( monty stares at his father, blue eyes unblinking.
monty walks down the snow-covered street, hands in the 
monty and naturelle, hand in hand, stare through the window 
naturelle stares at monty, who smiles and beckons for her to 
slattery, jakob and monty at age sixteen, mugging for the 
jakob looks at monty skeptically.
look like monty don't do wel l in prison .
doyle, a little confused, licks monty' s face.
slattery and jakob see monty in the mirror.
monty raises his glass and slattery and jakob grab their 
monty steps out of a taxi, followed by slattery and jakob .
monty leads jakob and mary into the vip room.
jakob and slattery hear the coldness in monty's voice and are 
monty sits on the red velvet sofa and jakob lies down next to 
monty looks at slattery for a second.
monty puts his hand on slattery's arm.
monty, slattery and kostya leave the room.
then slattery looks at monty and notices his eyes are closed.
monty finally turns and looks at slattery.
uncle blue turns monty's gun in his hands.
v' monty walks out of the room, never looking back.
monty, frank, and jakob sit with their backs against the 
monty, slattery and jakob wade through the snow to the stoop 
naturelle waits as monty stares down at the bed.
monty straightens up and looks directly into slattery's eyes.
monty points at jakob.
slattery looks down at monty, who is not moving .
monty sitting on the sofa, staring up at his father.
monty stands still, looking at naturelle.
monty looks out the window and 
brogan turns to look at monty and then turns back to the 
monty stands at the window of the bar, watching mr.
monty sits on the steps in back of the bar, looking out past 
monty and naturelle sit together, on a sofa, watching a small 
monty looks at his family.