on screen the words: granada - spain - 1500 sanchez your majesty would wish to know the true facts concerning the island of hispanola, our first settlement in the new world, and the activities there of your servant, christopher columbus, admiral of the ocean sea, governor of that island.
hut - island - day close on the face: columbus is stretched on a bed, sweating heavily in fever, clearly delirious.
fernando (v.o.) "and those who are enlightened before the others are condemned to purse that light in spite of others..." columbus stares down at the documents, moving them away from the rain drips.
columbus hums a song, and fernando looks up at him in adoration.
cadiz - streets and cathedral square - night columbus leads the mule, carrying the sleeping fernando, through narrow streets.
beatrix's house - hallway and stable - night columbus and fernando lead the mule into the white-washed, stone-floored hallway of the modest house.
conscious of a friendlier voice, columbus sees the treasurer sanchez, an imposing man in his fifties.
close on sanchez -- watching columbus intently, a hint of an admiring smile on his lips.
columbus glances around cautiously, and walks a little way down the cloister, away from the other monk, gesturing for pinzon to follow him.
sanchez protests softly, and looks over at columbus, a half-smile forming on his lips.
beatrix's house - night columbus is sitting at the kitchen table, by himself, with a glass of wine.
harbor and ships - palos - dawn columbus walks over to where beatrix and fernando are waiting.
alonso looks up at columbus standing on the poop deck, scrutinizing the horizon, waiting for the land to appear.
columbus walks away to his cabin, then turning back to pinzon.
columbus looks over at the men and gestures at the indians.
columbus sits with mendez, pinzon, the indian chief, elders of the village.
riverside - day indian villagers confronting the spaniards, utapan talks to an elder man, watched by columbus, mendez and pinzon.
he then looks up at columbus and pinzon and just throws the stones back into the water without a word.
as columbus and utapan walk back, they find another sailor, then another, then the whole group gathered around pinzon.
columbus looks around him -- what he sees: exhausted men and jungle, as far as one can see.
chief guarionex's hut - night in the half-light, figures wreathed in smoke -- columbus, mendez and utapan watch the chief guarionex putting a spanish helmet on his head.
isabel raises the mask to her face, looking across at columbus.
columbus bows a little -- looks up and meets the eyes of sanchez, who is staring at him, coldly.
room - administration - day columbus with two men: the oldest, around thirty, is a strong-looking man.
columbus stands beside his brothers, and mendez, and utapan.
square of isabel - day close on columbus' expressionless face.
cut to: the spaniards, columbus, mendez, fernando...