rimward traffic control out.she thumbs a button and leans over to parsons.cassie (cont'd)how's it looking?parsons worriedly shakes his head.parsonsthat's the second time i ran it, and it still reads the same.cassiebetter tell the boss.parsons pulls out a coin.parsonstoss you for it.int.
the ringing tone stops, the corporate logo on her flat-screen desk panel replaced with a black girl's face.hiroko (cont'd)noguchi.cassie  (o.s., onscreen)something just came up on deep space tracking.hirokowhat kind of 'something'?cassie   (o.s., onscreen)easier if you come down and look.hirokoi'm on my way.ext.
those incomings are going to skim past the communications platform just a little too close for comfort.hirokocan we move it to a different orbit in time?parsons looks up from his board in harassment.parsonsalready working on it.hirokoget off an all-bands emergency distress, and put it on a repeater.she meets kamen's eyes.hiroko (cont'd)looks like you were right.
is that metal fragments?ackland's maybe getting a little nervous now.acklandthis is very fucking weird.he sees the churned earth, and the muddy trail leading off into the broken foliage.ackland (cont'd)it's like something came out of the crater and went that way...there's a tiny click, and ackland looks over to see york taking the safety off his rifle.
the rhino's, the dog, and the two humans can be seen way above on the platform's edge, bright red.indistinct inside their camouflage cloaks, the small group of predators wade carefully through the water towards the base of the installation.int.
ryushi station - platform - duskin a hand-held shot we're running with hiroko's group along the narrow catwalk bridging the roadway to the pump room, kamen taking the lead.
ryushi station - crane catwalk - duskpredator-vision.from way up here, we've got an outstanding view of the humans running across the platform...crouching on a bright-yellow catwalk, broken tusk presses closed a panel on the small container balanced on his knee.
ryushi station - platform - duskan alien hurls itself through the air and onto the speeding crawler's roof.int.
intense bursts of light illuminate the platform as hi-tech predator weaponry far in advance of the humans' sears the air...guttierez turns at the sound of the huge metal doors grinding slowly open.
ryushi station - command centereverybody in admin registers astonishment as her voice comes over the speakers.hiroko (cont'd)  (o.s., on speakers)...can all uncross your fingers.a whoop goes up.
ryushi station - command centereverybody in admin looks tense.hiroko (cont'd)   (o.s., on speakers)three...int.
ryushi station - auto-shop - crawler cabguttierez leans forward.hiroko (cont'd)   (o.s., on headset)two...int.
ryushi station - crane cab - nighthiroko blinks as the sweat drains into her eyes.hiroko (cont'd)one...mark!she stabs the drive switch.ext.
ryushi station - rooftop level - nightholding the cracked mask to his face, broken tusk looks up at the gigantic crane moving against the night sky.predator vision.
although the helmet's nightsight is malfunctioning, it's still good enough to register the 'hot' infra-red shape of hiroko on the catwalk.the sound of the two crawlers hurtling across the platform gets broken tusk's attention.ext.
ryushi station - platform far side - nightthe sound of shredding metal makes hiroko look down.
ryushi station - crane catwalk - pre-dawnfrom a vantage point high above, we see hiroko and broken tusk racing across the platform towards the heli-jet pad.
ryushi station - heli-jet pad - pre-dawn hiroko runs towards the waiting heli-jet, with the predator close behind.