they call that gang-bang a game...?-- a billboard for pepsi featuring an alien.-- the sedan has pulled to a stop at a red light.suddenly a hand thumps against the glass next to sykes'head...
(and sykes gives him a look)-- a newcomer lowrider pulls up beside the slug-mobile.-- an alien couple exit a theater playing "terminatoriii".-- an alien wig shop.angletitles end, and we start to pull back into the slug-mobileand hear: tuggle (o.s.) so you gonna go, or you not gonna go?int.
don't get pinned.tuggle leaves the cover provided by the car, runs cater-corner across the intersection.through the store window sykes sees kipling grab the bagof cash, shove it in his coat pocket.
sykes (under his breath) aw, shit.tuggle is almost across the street when he hears theshots.the human driver of the getaway car (parked at the curb afew doors down from the mini-mart) glances up, spotstuggle.
get outta there!!sykes rises and runs across the street toward the getawaycar, firing toward the store as he goes.kipling and raincoat dodge behind cover.tuggle seizes the opportunity, jumps from behind the lamppost and runs to the stalled civilian car.
he has nowhere left to go and---- a blast comes through the car and catches him squarelyin the chest throwing him back onto the street.sykes' head jerks around -- in time to see his partner ofnine years blown away.kipling keeps firing in tuggle's direction until hisshotgun clicks empty.int.
sykes tries to get to his feet,but the alien grabs him and flings him down the tunnel.a siren is heard approaching in background.kipling moves in to deliver the coup de grace.
jetson looks at him,with that slight inquisitive expression aliens exhibitwhen trying to understand human nature.ext.
sykes moves aimlessly aroundthe room like a stranger at a party.the proprietor's wife stands near the body in a strangerigid posture, a thin, mournful keening sound coming fromher lips.
stairwell - first floor hallway - daythe steel door bangs open and sykes and jetson exit.
head".jetson gets in and slams the door, leaving sykes standingthere, the smirk dropping from his face.
sykes i think we're really starting to click now, george -- hmmm?jetson doesn't know what to think -- he just holds on.
sykes fedorchuk couldn't find his ass with his hands in his back pockets.jetson nonchalantly looks over the alien body while winterand sykes continue talking off to one side.
anything you guys don't use gets stuffed away in storage.sykes tears open the packet, unrolls the condom, danglesit before jetson.
a beat, then he can't stop himself -- hesteals a glance at jetson's crotch.still searching, sykes picks up one of the dead alien'swell-worn heavy work boots.
jetson, dressed in his suitfor work, crouches near the walkway, playing with his son.sykes pulls the car toward the curb, rolls his eyes.
even to an unrepentant cynic like sykes.jetson starts to climb into the car, and we-- cut to:int.
and he, too, reacts with recognition.sykes gives jetson a sour look, releases the big newcomer,and turns his malice on the punk newcomer.
and if you don't stop jerkin' us around, i'm ready to start playin' hardball.jetson has waited politely half-in half-out of the room.sykes rapidly motions to him to "go look around".
west side street - nightit looks like a backwards chase, the slug-mobile chasingthe howling police car through traffic.jetson alertly eyes the approaching traffic -- calls itout to sykes the way he was trained at the academy.
sykeslooks at jetson a long moment, then-- sykes looked like every other damn slag to me.