woodward (massaging his neck) lotsa hints-- rosenfeld (not happy) i can't sell hints to simons-- (stops, looks at piece of yellow paper) --you called everyone you know?
rosenfeld just that on his office wall there's a cartoon with a caption reading, "when you've got them by the balls, their hearts and minds will follow." woodward nods, heads back toward the files as we cut to: woodward at his desk dialing the phone.
cut to: woodward typing like mad, makes a mistake, corrects it, types on muttering to himself, and-- cut to: rosenfeld in his office munching a handful of maalox tablets and-- cut to: woodward taking a sheet from his typewriter, hurrying off and-- cut to: rosenfeld taking the sheet from woodward-- woodward here's the first take-- rosenfeld nods, shows him out and-- cut to: woodward back at his machine typing faster then before, makes another mistake, starts to correct it, glances around and-- cut to: rosenfeld in his office gesturing to somebody but not woodward and-- cut to: woodward watching as bernstein appears in view from behind the wide pillar by woodward's desk, heads toward rosenfeld's office.
woodward shrugs, goes back to his typing, makes a typo immediately, glances over toward rosenfeld's office, freezes as we-- cut to: rosenfeld handing some papers to bernstein.
and as he rises-- pan to: woodward and bernstein walking silently out of the newsroom then turning left down a darker corridor, passing bulletin boards and wall lockers and it's all nice and quiet as they amble on, nodding to the few people they pass on their way and after a while they turn right and enter the coffee lounge which is empty; the walls are lined with norman rockwell reproductions and various kinds of vending machines are visible, selling coffee or milk or fruit or sandwiches and there are some plastic tables and chairs and the minute they are alone, the silence ends.
woodward what the hell were you doing rewriting my story-- bernstein --i sure couldn't hurt it, could i?-- woodward --it was fine the way it was-- bernstein --it was bullshit the way it was-- woodward --i have to stand here and listen to the staff correspondent from virginia?-- bernstein (a sore subject) --what have you been here, nine months?--i been in this business since i was sixteen-- woodward --and you've had some fucking meteoric rise, that's for sure--by the time you turn forty you might be the head of the montana bureau-- bernstein --you only got the job because both you and bradlee went to yale-- woodward --bradlee went to harvard-- bernstein --they're all the same, all those ivy league places--they teach you about striped ties and suddenly you're smart-- woodward --i'm smart enough to know my story was solid-- bernstein --mine's better-- woodward --no way-- bernstein (handing them over) --read 'em both and you'll see-- and as woodward glances at the two stories-- cut to: bernstein watching.
now, as woodward and bernstein get out of a cab, start inside-- cut to: a male librarian in his office.
and just like that, he's back into his office, and as he shuts the door-- cut to: woodward and bernstein walking along through the library of congress.
cut to: woodward and bernstein, nervously watching bradlee come.
his only response to rosenfeld is an intermittent "uh-huh, uh-huh." cut to: woodward and bernstein, watching as the silence goes on.
and when the frigging audit's done, we'll print that too-- national editor --let me tell what happened when i was having lunch today at the sans souci-- rosenfeld --correction--when you were drinking your lunch at the bar of the sans souci-- national editor --this white house guy, a good one, a pro, came up and asked what is this watergate compulsion with you guys and i said, well, we think it's important and he said, if it's so goddamn important, who the hell are woodward and bernstein?
he pulls out a paper again, looks at a story on the front page-- cut to: the woodward/bernstein story that said the gao found that creep has mishandled over $500,000 in campaign funds.
i'm washing the carbon paper." (bernstein looks at woodward) just wanted you to know i've done dumber things than get us lost, that's all.
and she slams the door-- cut to: woodward and bernstein, slowly walking back in silence back to the car.
cut to: bernstein and woodward looking very uncomfortable as sloan goes on.
when we pull back we're in bradlee's office, simons and rosenfeld are also there, along with woodward and bernstein.
and now, the headline fades as we cut to: simons in rosenfeld's office woodward and bernstein hurry in.
cut to: woodward and bernstein.
cut to: woodward and bernstein moving up the walk to bradlee.