parking garage rath watches as they scatter, finding bain in his scope.
parking garage rath sees the car light go on, but can't make out what bain is doing.
bain sits back, aiming his gun, watching rath.
bain shit if i was you, back there -- he holds his gun up to the bulletproof glass behind rath's head.
bain moves close to the glass again, checking out rath's gun.
rath jams on the brakes, tires screaming, steering into the steel side rail, banking the car into the drums of sand as -- bain hits the pavement, bouncing like a stone skipped across water.
hotel room electra checks her watch and picks up the cellular phone.
hotel room electra stands in front of the monitors watching the men as she speaks into the microphone.
hotel room electra is crouched at the open duct, grabbing another stack of money, stuffing it into her bag.
hotel room electra stares in horror at the monitors as bain grabs the nearest bodyguard, firing a shot into his belly.
outside, rath watches electra through the windows.
a warped smile stretches across his face as he whispers -- bain (v.o.) oh, you sick little bitch -- electra tears away from the screen, panic seizing hold of her.
back porch the door opens and electra jumps out, slamming it behind her as -- bain turns from the back stairs.
electra's apartment she scrambles from the kitchen, throwing her suitcase, still clutching the "travel kitty," as -- the back door explodes from its hinges, bain charging, firing his gun.
hotel room electra and rath enter the room together but they are both immediately alone.
electra then you can have the disks and i'll just walk out that door -- rath if you walk out that door, bain will still come after you.
bedroom when electra comes out of the bathroom, rath is again at his chess game.
we are in electra and rath's hotel room.
the door bangs open and rath springs off the bed, a gun flashing in his hand, leveling it at a dazed, blinking electra.
rath ten years ago, i sat there in that same hotel window, sweat pouring off of me waiting -- electra for nicholai?
electra watches rath to see if he hears them.
rath (v.o.) he's coming, electra!
bank rath electra, what's happening?
electra shoves open the door, leveling the gun -- as bain turns.
rath sees that bain is going after electra.
hearing bain, electra turns.
electra opens her fist and inside rath sees the handful of bullets from the other gun.