hospital room - tight on ripley - gateway station 3 she's lying in a bed, looking wan, as a female med-tech raises the backrest.
the door opens and a man enters, although ripley sees only what he is carrying.
burke and the med-tech are holding ripley's shoulders as she goes into convulsions.
corridor - gateway 5 elevator doors part and ripley emerges, in mid-conversation with burke.
corridor 7 ripley kicks the wall next to burke who is getting coffee and donuts at a vending machine.
van leuwen steps into an elevator with some others, but ripley holds the door from closing.
ripley's apartment - a little later 22 burke and gorman are seated, nursing coffee.
they are: master sergeant apone unit leader corporal hicks b-team leader corporal dietrich (female) med-tech pfc hudson com-tech pfc vasquez (female) 'smart-gun' operator private drake 'smart-gun' operator private frost trooper private crowe trooper private wierzbowski trooper corporal ferro (female) drop-ship pilot pfc spunkmeyer drop-ship crew chief the ship is fully automated in interstellar flight so there is no crew, except for executive officer (eca) bishop, who supervises planetary maneuvering.
through the swirling steam hudson, vasquez and ferro are watching ripley dry off.
mess hall 32 an unconscious segregation takes place at the troopers assemble at one long table while gorman, burke, bishop and ripley sit at another.
hold - apc 50 stumbling as the ship pitches, ripley makes her way forward to the mobile tactical operations bay (mtob), a control console lined with monitor screens.
drop-ship - apc 61 ripley watches hicks' monitor.
hicks (voice over; filtered) looks like somebody bagged them one of ripley's bad guys here.
burke looks back to see ripley stop in the apc doorway, eyeing the ominous colony structure.
apc - south lock 67 the crew-door opens and ripley emerges.
apc 80 huddles around the screens are ripley, burke and gorman.
hicks is rolling the door closed when vasquez lunges, clawing out the opening.
against the combined efforts of hicks, burke and vasquez the door is being slowly wrenched open from outside.
ripley joins hicks who is bent over gorman, checking for a pulse.
ripley follows newt's look to the ap station looming in the twilight, the burning drop-ship wreckage jammed into its basal structure.
operations 117 burke, ripley, hudson and hicks are bent over a large horizontal videoscreen, like an illuminated chart table.
ripley lifts the doll's head from newt's tiny fingers and looks inside.
ripley i'll be right in the other room, newt.
just like they'll know how you were responsible for the deaths of one hundred and fifty-seven colonists here -- burke now, wait a second -- ripley (stepping on him) you sent them to that ship.
operations 126 ripley double-times it to hicks' tactical console where hudson and vasquez have already gathered.
ripley (to hicks) we need the other drop-ship.
ripley hicks, i'm not going to wind up like those others.
ripley hugs newt close and heads toward the door, moving as if every object in the room had a million volts running through it.
hicks slides through the searing hole, lifting newt safely through as ripley hands her out.
service way 161 rushing with ripley, newt and hicks as a full tilt run.
newt breaks out ahead and it's all ripley and hicks can do to keep up.
ripley looks hicks in the eye.
landing platform 185 ripley, with newt still clinging to her, slams through the door opening onto the platform.
drop-ship 191 bishop stands behind ripley as she kneels beside a comatose hicks.