hawkins listens as eddie, cigar in hand, finishes a "war story" and a vodka tonic at the same time.
eddie and leon are standing by what's left of the mattress, looking at milos and tamina's charred bodies.
korfin okay, jordy - it was a fast fire, we got good patterns - about thirty minutes old.
korfin takes the timer from jordy and moves to eddie.
emil looks up - oleg is holding his videocamera.
jordy takes the sketch of daphne which isn't a bad likeness and heads for the door.
eddie exchanges a look with jordy as tommy, the young detective, returns.
eddie pulls out a coin and hands it to jordy.
before jordy can get in, eddie starts to pull away.
eddie stops the car again and this time lets jordy get in.
upper eastside hallway - day eddie and jordy arrive in front of rose's door.
we hold on eddie and jordy at the door.
rose hangs up the phone - turns to eddie and jordy: rose (cont'd) what's wrong?
eddie looks over as jordy disconnects.
jordy looks at eddie - can't deny he's right.
eddie looks at jordy.
nyc streets - continuous what follows next is an incredible foot chase with eddie, jordy, korfin and leon running through traffic - chasing emil.
jordy looks up as eddie steps into the center of the street.
korfin and jordy look at eddie, astonished he made the shot.
eddie and jordy turn to go back into the restaurant, now cleared out - as nicolette karas arrives with her cameraman.
jordy (cont'd) look - let me talk to her.
emil removes a small address book -- from leon's wallet - he looks up eddie flemming's name.
jordy (cont'd) eddie, i...
jordy look, eddie, i'm tellin' you - i didn't touch her.
eddie gives jordy a questioning look.
emil answers eddie's look.
you wait for me to say 'action!' emil looks at eddie as if to say, "see what i have to put up with." oleg gestures from behind the videocamera.
eddie comes back from oleg to the gun at the same time as emil is limping for it.
oleg crouches down with the camera and eddie starts to turn toward emil who comes at him with the knife and stabs him in the stomach.
emil looks at eddie.
leon realizes jordy wants to be seen on tv taking emil into custody.
jordy pulls out his 9mm and pushes the barrel right between emil's eyes.
emil looks back at jordy, gloating.
emil looks at jordy - surprised he shot him.