dance -- night -- under-cranked				 8	song continues as we see william's perspective of these much-	older looking kids.
penny looks back and grabs william with a well-placed arm hooked	around his.
as scotty (the	keeper  of the backstage list) watches, penny now slips william	forward for a pass.
as the other	band members drift across frame, russell hammond, a true rock and	roll believer, speaks as he straps on his guitar and gets ready	for the show.
russell (cont'd)			a song like "what's going on."  that			single "woo" at the end of the second			verse - you know that woo - that single			"woo."					william				(proudly)			i know that, "woo."					russell				(he does it)			that's what you remember.
william			russell, this is penny lane.
and now singing the beatles song	"penny lane."					russell			come on, let's go.
russell pulls william into the band's huddle.
russell looks over to penny and william,	at stage right, grinning, pretending to trip on his cord, an	elegant show-off move of a musician who is now where he	belongs...
the kid looks over to see penny	watching russell.
russell				(exiting)			well tell your friend miss penny lane			to call me.
william's house -- night					35	penny waist by her car, down the hill, sporting a different	more elegant look.
penny lane			this is my very dear, very close, very			wonderful friend william miller, he is			very close with lester bangs.
hallway/russell's hotel room -- night			40	william, polexia and an ambivalent penny walk the hallway,	looking for the room.
william looks in the passing open doors,	each one a different window into another world.
russell places a beer in william's hands, and exits.
a motorcycle	roars by, just outside the door, as penny moves away from	russell's exploring hands.
after the first cube:					russell (cont'd)			the way you turn a hotel room into a			home.
hallway -- night						42	the hallways are crowded, as william looks at the closed door	of the ice room.
bus - day							 56	william strains for a look at russell five rows up.
he gives key and a stack of messages to russell, and turns to	william who he makes feel more important.
william watches russell's	guitars whisked away - they are luggage-numbered 1, 3, and 4.
jeff bebe approaches,	regarding william standing with penny and the girls.
william (cont'd)			if there's room -	penny squeezes him.
sapphire				(to polexia and william)			ooo, watch out - whoever you look at			when you say that - that's who you			really mean.
penny shoots william a look.
this is back when we were the jeff			bebe band, and i placed an ad in a			magazine called peaches looking for a			guitarist and russell hammond answered.
penny half on william's lap, half on	russell's.
hotel lobby -- night						68	russell and william sit in two large red-leatherette seats in	the hotel lobby.
william sits nearby, watching russell, making notes out of eye-	sight of others.
william watches as the	two men, russell and jeff, move to opposite sides of the room.
penny lane exits discreetly,	looking back at william.
living room -- night -- twenty minutes later			86	william watches as a wobbly russell hammond, in sunglasses	now, goes through aaron's record collection.
back bedroom -- night					87	william waits anxiously to use the phone, keeping an eye on	russell.
penny			boy, if this was the real world and			some guy talked to me like that -					william			let me finish.
william			i'm going out to find russell.
the lobby ignites, as william stands near penny and russell.
hotel room - day						109	russell and penny lane smash against their own wall.
hotel room -- night						134	william holds penny in his arms.
hotel room -- night						136	william holds penny lane, and keeps her moving.
hotel room -- night						a140	william holds penny.
band plane -- day						147	russell and william are in mid-interview.
william			did you talk to russell?