laser-etched graphics on the sides bear the arcade logo and thesame strange, frightening face.alex and her friends are suitably impressed, most notably, nick and benz.
he launches himself at deloach, catching him offguard and knocking him to the floor.nick, alex, and greg are on them in a minute, trying to extract the twofrom each other.a large manpushes his way towards them and effortlessly scoops both boys up, wrappinga beefy hand around the scruffs of their necks.
difford		the game will guide you.nick turns back to the machine and pops the quarter into the coin slot.he punches the "start" button on the top of one of the joy-sticks.immediately the screens come to life.
watch.on screenthe face of arcade spins away and a computer-generated figure appears,complete with a pixel-rendered version of nick's face!video nickis dressed in futuristic armor with exaggerated cybergloves and a fullhelmet on instead of goggles.
laurie		he's still working on the game.and alex finds greg for a moment, spotting him over the heads of the otherkids.on greghis face is a mirror of nick's...sweat pouring down, grinning from ear toear.
arcade		kiss reality goodbye.on screenarcade's face spins away, to be replaced by a pixel-rendered image ofalex, dressed in battle gear.video alex sets her thrasher on the ground and mounts it.
level one, the plains -- dayalex slams into the ground, splashing up water and smoke alike.we are inside arcade now, experiencing what alex experiences.the plains --in many respects it looks like earth.
nick (o.s.)			(filtered)		what the hell are you talking about?alex continues to watch the television screen, almost mesmerized by theflickering sparks.
alex draws close and taps on the glass.nick appears immediately, grinning like an idiot.
it's a sort of rest		position in the game, when you're between		levels.nick pulls alex closer.
i mean, look at it,		it's like a dna molecule or something...and in truth, the fractals are beautiful.alex turns back to nick.
nick		look, why are you fucking with me like this?alex rises.
he's		out of the game!nick's eyes find the cable wire extending from the wall and into the t.v.sure enough, sparks are crackling down that wire and into the wall.arcade laughs and it's the most awful sound we've ever heard.laurieis convulsing now, and tiny sparks are racing around her eyes.alex sees her and screams, clutching her hands to her ears in an attemptto block out the deafening roar.nickmoves without thinking, picking up a nearby chair and slamming it into thetelevision.
he stops on one display in particular, a triptych ofsorts featuring the haunting face of arcade.bing!alex and nick turn at the sound, just in time to see difford exiting anelevator and briskly making his way towards them.
difford looks from alex to nick, and back again.
alex		stop looking at it.nick shuts his eyes, pulling away from the screen.
arcade		see you on the other side.another flash of light and...alex and nick disappear from the real world completely.
alex		it only looks like it leads to nowhere.nick glances at his wrist display.